remove autotools build system (#6605)
libsdl-org/SDL: docs/README-porting.md

There are two basic ways of building SDL at the moment:

1. CMake:  cmake -S . -B build && cmake --build build && cmake --install install

>    If you have a GNUish system, then you might try this.  Edit CMakeLists.txt,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   If you have a system that supports CMake, then you might try this.  Edit CMakeLists.txt,

```
